---
description: >-
  Tracer aims to become the meta-protocol of choice for all users. Build on top
  of Tracer, claim a bounty, and help Tracer accomplish its vision.
---

# Bounties

We list some of the open bounties below but are open to suggestions that support the Tracer vision & roadmap.

To get started with a bounty, join our [Discord](https://discord.gg/TracerDAO) and ping the core team. We hope that bounty teams become long-term developers & advocates for the Tracer protocol. For more information on the different ways on contributing to Tracer DAO, see [Community](broken-reference).

## Vanilla Options

**Intro**\
Similar to Tracer's Perpetual Pools and Perpetual Swaps, Tracer would like to introduce an options platform as part of its offering. The vanilla options platform should be a performant, factory-compatible piece of infrastructure that is competitive and superior to existing DeFi options platforms.

**Scope**\
The scope of the bounty includes all development work from financial engineering to smart contracts and front-end. The core team may provide help in various aspects as agreed. The  options contract offering may later be augmented with of, for example, binary, exotic, barrier, lookback, and KPI options.

**Remuneration**\
Remuneration for the task is agreed on an individual basis and is subject to DAO approval. The payment should be a combination of stablecoins (or Ether) and, mostly, vesting TCR to align the developers' incentives with Tracer DAO for the long term. Minimum remuneration $500k.

## Tracer Strategies

**Intro**\
Tracer Strategies are a collection of vaults and structured products. The first vaults are expected to launch in Q2 2022. Tracer Strategies combine Tracer products (such as Perpetual Pools or Perpetual Swaps) with each other or with other DeFi components in novel ways to produce yield for liquidity providers in those strategies.&#x20;

**Scope**\
The scope of the bounty includes all development work from financial engineering to smart contracts and relevant front-end execution. The strategy will be implemented to as part of the Tracer Strategies site (yet to be published). The strategy must be an automated non-custodial on-chain strategy to be considered for the bounty.

**Remuneration**\
Remuneration for the task is agreed on an individual basis depending on the effort required and utility to Tracer DAO. Utility can be measured, for example, by approximating the efficiency gains in other Tracer products due to the strategy or by the returns generated by the strategy. Depending on the extent of the bounty, it may be allocated from the growth fund without DAO approval. The payment can be vesting TCR only or a combination of vesting TCR and stablecoins. Minimum remuneration $10k.

## Perpetual Pools Custom Application

**Intro**\
Perpetual Pools are a set of derivative contracts that enable the creation of fungible ERC-20 positions representing a short or a long view on a market. The tokens produced can be used across DeFi applications for various activities, such as lending or collateralisation.

**Scope**\
The scope of the bounty is to create a custom application or front-end utilising Perpetual Pools tokens for a niche purpose or to serve a certain user group. The work consists of designing and developing a web front-end utilising the Perpetual Pools tokens. Marketing, sales, and other activities can be included in the scope as well. The Tracer core team can help on various aspects (including setting up oracles for custom data) as agreed. An example of a custom application could be a website allowing users to hedge petrol prices in their area.

**Remuneration**\
Remuneration of the task is agreed upon on an individual basis. The remuneration will consist of a fixed payment and a performance-based payment in vesting TCR only or a combination of vesting TCR and stablecoins (or Ether). The performance indicators can include, for example, TVL, site visitors, unique users, or media exposure. Depending on the extent of the bounty, it may be allocated from the growth fund without DAO approval. Minimum fixed payment $5k.
